I had an idea/thought.  If you are interested in examining income streams over the long term....  
Given the world situation and how alot of RE owners will have tenants unable to pay or rents collapse (ie. interrupted income stream).  
For example i am now tracking High End realestate in Belgrade and i am noticing that rent collapsed by about 50%...  

If history repeates, i view MN as financial assets, the volatility in price/income could be compared to other income streams.   
i was thinking about if you can model the delta of owning a solid defined income stream with a defined monetary 
policy, that is liquid, portable, private and whose derived income can be traded for gold at any given time, like a 
Dash MN  vs a real world asset like realestate or even bonds..  

Rents are collapsing, Debt is mostly negative, currencies and commodoties are trading like shit coins.

You can compare it to fiat returns, for example at the ATH, i believe a Dash MN was earning almost 10K/month, if u had traded 
the income during the run up and bought gold you could probably buy multiples of the MN back on the down turn

My theory is that u can trade the income stream on the way up bc it goes exponential as well, if u hold it as gold then u 
basically solidify the income into something solid.  You can probably trade this on a long term as well.  

Think about it, let me know if u understand my view point and if u would be interested in perhaps modeling it.  

you can grab all historical data for MN income here: https://stats.masternode.me/network-report/325882 
via api as well i believe

if this comes out positive correlation and a good investment/trading strategy then MN are good assets to own 
as a non correlated risk income stream

i mean, alot of people's income stopped.  MN dont stop, havent stopped in 5 years since inception.  

MN are limited in supply, scarce

also, once vaultoro gets API up and running, perhaps a chart of MN income in gold grams, might  be an indicator of
when a MN is overvalued/undervalued.  If it looks like a good indicator, perhaps the DIF can publish it as part of 
its reasons for investing/not investing.  

I would prefer we open source any of this work, so anyone can run the charts on their end.  

we create an entirely new metric to track for the MN as an investment.  Never know until u look at the data


MN currently earns about as much as a 120m apartment in Downtown Belgrade

I would like to discuss this, as i think getting MN into financial institutions as financial assets is a good path forward. 

I think MN are worth holding on to and we should see if we can make the case for that.
